Okay.
cook
Is that your favorite thing to cook?
Oh nice!
Yeah.
yeah
No, But I, I stopped.
Yeah.
I have it, yeah like...
I used to cook a lot in my 20s when I did a lot of the youth.
like ministry, like I would always volunteer to cook.
And God gives you talent when you're using it for Him.
But, I'm serious, stop.
It stops. It dries out.
I don't know.
Yeah, yeah. I hope so. But
I've been kind of busy that I just feel too tired right now.
Yeah.
sometimes I eat like I cook enough for a couple days.
but then I get sick and tired
I'm eating the same thing, yeah yeah.
Yeah.
Oh, Do you like, do you eat left. Do you like leftovers?
Okay.
I'm, Im just curious what is the one food you can have
Let's say there's only one food you can eat for the rest of your life. What food is that?
It can't be category, like, oh, I'd say pasta, so you can have, like, no, it's a one.
yeah one dish for the rest of your life
Oh, You could choose it by nutrition or taste. Like, that's up to you.
I would say like spaghetti like,
The meat sauce spaghetti, Yeah. the Japanese style.
Yeah, that's the one leftover I can have for four days and not be eating.
I would starve for days.
Hai.
Ojira.
Oh. Yeah. Like. Yeah.
Porridge. Hai.
She has a longer life to live.
Yeah.
No.
That's so right.
I'm sorry.
Or if it's a category.
Oh, that's
Oh, that's good. Then the inside, yeah, you can change it inside.
Wow.
Oh.
I'm, I'm classic. I like umeboshi, like pickled plums.
Yeah, that's... or Tarako.
Yeah. No, I don't like
Mentaiko, has sweet Tarako grilled.
Yeah.